https://restfulapi.net/http-status-codes/

200 OK
Indicates that request has succeeded.
201 Created
Indicates that request has succeeded and a new resource has been created as a result.
202 Accepted
Indicates that the request has been received but not completed yet. It is typically used in log running requests and batch processing.
203 Non-Authoritative Information
Indicates that the returned metainformation in the entity-header is not the definitive set as available from the origin server, but is gathered from a local or a third-party copy. The set presented MAY be a subset or superset of the original version.
204 No Content
The server has fulfilled the request but does not need to return a response body. The server may return the updated meta information.
205 Reset Content
Indicates the client to reset the document which sent this request.
206 Partial Content
It is used when the Range header is sent from the client to request only part of a resource.
207 Multi-Status (WebDAV)
An indicator to a client that multiple operations happened, and that the status for each operation can be found in the body of the response.
208 Already Reported (WebDAV)
Allows a client to tell the server that the same resource (with the same binding) was mentioned earlier. It never appears as a true HTTP response code in the status line, and only appears in bodies.
226 IM Used
The server has fulfilled a GET request for the resource, and the response is a representation of the result of one or more instance-manipulations applied to the current instance.


STATUS CODE	DESCRIPTION
400 Bad Request
The request could not be understood by the server due to incorrect syntax. The client SHOULD NOT repeat the request without modifications.
401 Unauthorized
Indicates that the request requires user authentication information. The client MAY repeat the request with a suitable Authorization header field
402 Payment Required (Experimental)
Reserved for future use. It is aimed for using in the digital payment systems.
403 Forbidden
Unauthorized request. The client does not have access rights to the content. Unlike 401, the client’s identity is known to the server.
404 Not Found
The server can not find the requested resource.
405 Method Not Allowed
The request HTTP method is known by the server but has been disabled and cannot be used for that resource.
406 Not Acceptable
The server doesn’t find any content that conforms to the criteria given by the user agent in the Accept header sent in the request.
407 Proxy Authentication Required
Indicates that the client must first authenticate itself with the proxy.
408 Request Timeout
Indicates that the server did not receive a complete request from the client within the server’s allotted timeout period.
409 Conflict
The request could not be completed due to a conflict with the current state of the resource.
410 Gone
The requested resource is no longer available at the server.
411 Length Required
The server refuses to accept the request without a defined Content- Length. The client MAY repeat the request if it adds a valid Content-Length header field.
412 Precondition Failed
The client has indicated preconditions in its headers which the server does not meet.
413 Request Entity Too Large
Request entity is larger than limits defined by server.
414 Request-URI Too Long
The URI requested by the client is longer than the server can interpret.
415 Unsupported Media Type
The mediatype in Content-type of the request is not supported by the server.
416 Requested Range Not Satisfiable
The range specified by the Range header field in the request can’t be fulfilled.
417 Expectation Failed
The expectation indicated by the Expect request header field can’t be met by the server.
418 I’m a teapot (RFC 2324)
It was defined as April’s lool joke and is not expected to be implemented by actual HTTP servers. (RFC 2324)
420 Enhance Your Calm (Twitter)
Returned by the Twitter Search and Trends API when the client is being rate limited.
422 Unprocessable Entity (WebDAV)
The server understands the content type and syntax of the request entity, but still server is unable to process the request for some reason.
423 Locked (WebDAV)
The resource that is being accessed is locked.
424 Failed Dependency (WebDAV)
The request failed due to failure of a previous request.
425 Too Early (WebDAV)
Indicates that the server is unwilling to risk processing a request that might be replayed.
426 Upgrade Required
The server refuses to perform the request. The server will process the request after the client upgrades to a different protocol.
428 Precondition Required
The origin server requires the request to be conditional.
429 Too Many Requests
The user has sent too many requests in a given amount of time (“rate limiting”).
431 Request Header Fields Too Large
The server is unwilling to process the request because its header fields are too large.
444 No Response (Nginx)
The Nginx server returns no information to the client and closes the connection.
449 Retry With (Microsoft)
The request should be retried after performing the appropriate action.
450 Blocked by Windows Parental Controls (Microsoft)
Windows Parental Controls are turned on and are blocking access to the given webpage.
451 Unavailable For Legal Reasons
The user-agent requested a resource that cannot legally be provided.
499 Client Closed Request (Nginx)
The connection is closed by client while HTTP server is processing its request, making server unable to send the HTTP header back.

